README.md, before:

Cloudesh Ansible Openface
=========================

This role is not yet operational.

Requirements
------------

Any pre-requisites that may not be covered by Ansible itself or the
role should be mentioned here. For instance, if the role uses the EC2
module, it may be a good idea to mention in this section that the boto
package is required.

Role Variables
--------------

A description of the settable variables for this role should go here,
including any variables that are in defaults/main.yml, vars/main.yml,
and any variables that can/should be set via parameters to the
role. Any variables that are read from other roles and/or the global
scope (ie. hostvars, group vars, etc.) should be mentioned here as
well.

Dependencies
------------

A list of other roles hosted on Galaxy should go here, plus any
details in regards to parameters that may need to be set for other
roles, or variables that are used from other roles.

Example Playbook
----------------

Including an example of how to use your role (for instance, with
variables passed in as parameters) is always nice for users too:

    - hosts: servers
      roles:
         - { role: username.rolename, x: 42 }

License
-------

Apache 2.0

Author Information
------------------

Gregor von Laszewski (laszewski@gmail.com)

Commit message:

new:dev: install cloudmesh from pip

README.md, after:

Cloudesh Ansible Openface
=========================

This role is not yet operational.

Requirements
------------

Any pre-requisites that may not be covered by Ansible itself or the
role should be mentioned here. For instance, if the role uses the EC2
module, it may be a good idea to mention in this section that the boto
package is required.

Role Variables
--------------

A description of the settable variables for this role should go here,
including any variables that are in defaults/main.yml, vars/main.yml,
and any variables that can/should be set via parameters to the
role. Any variables that are read from other roles and/or the global
scope (ie. hostvars, group vars, etc.) should be mentioned here as
well.

Dependencies
------------
A list of other roles hosted on Galaxy should go here, plus any
details in regards to parameters that may need to be set for other
roles, or variables that are used from other roles.

Example Playbook
----------------

start a number of virtual machines with cloudmesh on cloud cm

    ansible-playbook tasks/boot.yml  -e  count=2


License
-------

Apache 2.0

Author Information
------------------

Gregor von Laszewski (laszewski@gmail.com)
